[Franklin]
Previously on Will Trent...
Amanda meant something
to all of us. so get your head
out of your ass.
You've been pregnant
for three years.
I can't remember a time
when you weren't pregnant.
I'm sorry. is my pregnancy hard
on you two?
The other girls.
I'm trying to help them too.
Who was doing this?
There were bad. bad men.
They gave me this.
House is clear. The girls
have been moved again.
All this work. and we're still
one step behind.
[♪ upbeat music playing]
Dude. hurry up.
Take it easy. Lizzie.
I can't rush nature.
She's right. man.
How much do you have in you?
[siren blares]
[♪ upbeat music ends]
Okay. everyone. just stay calm.
We didn't do anything wrong.
What Nick is doing is
against the law.
I'm not getting a ticket
because your boyfriend has
a weak bladder.
Nick is not my boyfriend.
[thuds]
All of you.
step out of the car.
I'm sorry. Officer.
our friend couldn't wait.
and the nearest restroom
is really far--
Get out of the car!
Do you want subtitles for any video?
-=[ ai.OpenSubtitles.com ]=-
-Nick.
-It'll be okay. I promise.
Look. you can't just detain us.
We know our rights.
-[grunts]
-[♪ "Ain't That
Peculiar" playing]
[crowd cheering]
Go. go. go. go. go.
All right!
♪ Honey. you do me wrong
But still I'm crazy about you ♪
[Angie] Yes!
Move. move. move. move.
-[crowd clapping]
-Safe.
♪ Every chance you get ♪
♪ You seem to hurt me
More and more ♪
One more run. we tie this up.
we taking the extra innings.
Yeah. baby.
[Heller] Who's up?
Oh. no.
Trent. you're up.
[cheering]
[Heller] Come on.
come on. come on. come on.
[Seth] Bring it in. everybody.
bring it in.
Okay. real nice.
Just do your best.
Hey. can we start now?
Hey. Pete. Can we get
a pinch hitter?
No. he's got it this time.
You got it this time.
Right. Will?
-Let's go!
-Come on. baby!
-[Pete]
Keep this game alive. Trent.
-[Heller] Bring us home. Will!
Knees bent. eye on the ball.
You're looking good. son.
-[Michael] Go. Will.
-[crowd clapping]
-[crowd sighs]
-[Pete] Strike one.
All right. It's okay.
Sorry. Will.
It's okay. Pete.
-It's not you. it's me.
-[crowd chattering]
-[crowd gasps]
-Strike two.
You suck. Trent!
We're on the same team.
Don't swing unless it's yours.
and don't chase the ball.
Awful lot of "don'ts"
in this game.
[♪ music resumes]
[grunts]
[crowd cheering]
Will! Come on. Let's go!
-Trent. Trent! Run. run!
-Oh. Okay.
♪ I know love can last
Through years ♪
♪ But how can love last
Through tears ♪
♪ Tears. tears. tears ♪
♪ Now ain't that
Peculiar baby ♪
Nice catch. babe.
-Thanks. hon.
-[Angie] Yep.
Good job. guys.
Well done. everybody.
My son's first game.
and he made contact!
-You did great!
-Thanks.
[sighs]
No. but don't feel bad. Don't
beat yourself up about it.
[Michael]
No. you should feel very bad.
[Faith] Did you put money
on this game?
You did. didn't you?
Lucky haircut my ass.
Well. excuse me
for having faith in our team
to the tune of $300.
300? That's a whole lot
of beef jerky.
Whatever will you do?
Haven't you ever seen
Rudy. Trent?
The talentless nerd is supposed
to come through in the end.
[Lizzie's friend] She didn't do
anything wrong.
-This is ridiculous.
-We were there.
Polaski. Heller's not back yet.
-and they won't listen to me.
-Where is she?
-You're hiding something.
-Hey. hey. hey.
Inside voices. One of you.
tell me what happened.
Police misconduct. unlawful
arrest... Take your pick.
[Lizzie's friend] Two cops took
our friend for no reason.
They made us get out of my car.
called Lizzie by name.
then they cuffed her.
shoved her in the back
of their car. and took off.
And now this woman's lying
about it.
There's no Lizzie Lassen
in our system.
Maybe she hasn't been processed
yet. I'll check
with highway patrol.
Hey.
-Did the officer do that
to you?
-One of 'em. yeah.
I tried to help--
They hit him in the head
with their cop stick. then
kicked the crap out of him.
Okay. Officer Amos.
can you get a medic. please?
No. no. I don't need it.
N-Nothing's broken. I can tell.
You mind if I take a look?
Yeah. yeah.
[♪ tense music plays]
Oh. yeah. Can I see the shirt?
Fabric ripped clean.
No scuffs. no smears
you get from tactical boots.
This was made
by hard sole and narrow toe.
Um. were they wearing shoes
like those?
-I don't know.
-They were nothing like those.
More of a patent
leather Oxford cap toe.
I'm a fashion design major.
Okay. well.
what about the uniform?
Did they have a badge number?
Any physical details?
No. they were
just regular cop uniforms.
I asked for
their badge numbers.
and they told me to shut up.
Okay. we're gonna take
your statements.
Come on.
Hey. wait.
-Did they call it in?
-Call what in?
The car stop.
Did you hear them running
your plates over the car radio?
Did they say anything
into their shoulder mics?
No. they didn't use
their radios at all.
They just took Lizzie and left.
Those don't sound
like police officers.
I'm sorry. but I believe your
friend Lizzie was kidnapped.
[♪ tense music ends]
The people who took
your daughter knew her name.
They could be using her
as a bargaining chip.
Why haven't they contacted us?
I'm not sure. but we can have
GBI techs monitor your devices.
so we'll be able to track them
when they do reach out.
Mrs. Lassen. why don't you tell
me about Lizzie?
What's she like?
She's kind. responsible.
volunteers in a million groups
at college. Um...
She doesn't have any enemies.
Can you think of anyone
who might wanna target
either of you?
Personal. business reasons.
Dr. Lassen. it could be
a patient. maybe someone
with insurance issues.
I shifted my practice
years ago.
I'm a concierge doctor now.
highly-personalized care.
My clients pay me a retainer
fee. zero complaints.
What about that nurse?
You know who I'm talking about?
At the hospital.
Hon. that was years ago.
Uh. was that when you worked
at Atlanta District Hospital?
What happened?
She was stealing pain meds.
and Eugene had to fire her.
-[♪ tense music plays]
-She was really angry.
She sent us all those emails.
remember? They were nasty.
I seriously doubt
she's involved in this.
It wouldn't make any sense
for her to show up out
of the blue and take Lizzie.
So we just have no idea
who did this?
-I think I need. like.
curry or something.
-Hey. guys.
Guys. Priya said that a
motorcyclist with a helmet cam
slowed down to watch the stop.
-Got the video.
-Good job.
Hey. does that help?
It's supposed to coax her down
into my pelvis.
I'm so done being pregnant.
I'm trying to evict this child.
Okay. Here we go.
Dodge Charger. It looks close.
but that's about four
or five years too old.
[Angie] Yeah. not ours.
I can't make out
a license plate. Nothing.
Wait. wait. Okay.
look at their uniforms.
They look right. but not right.
It's the stripes. You see that?
That gray stripe
going down the outer pant leg?
-[Angie]
Yeah. definitely not APD.
-Hold on. why do I know this?
Uh. I got it. It's Roy Gray.
Roy Gray is the lead detective
of Shades of Gray.
-Cop show. films in Atlanta.
-I don't know it.
Oh. girl. it's so good.
You gotta watch it.
-Is it accurate?
-Oh. God. no.
[Angie chuckles]
All right.
sounds like you guys need to
take a field trip over there.
Shades of Gray.
I've got the nurse who had beef
with Lassen coming in
for an interview. so bye.
Okay. Bye. babe.
Work those hips. girl.
Ms. McCaffrey. Hi.
I'm Detective Polaski.
Thanks so much for coming in.
Jeez. Good for you.
-What. 39 weeks?
-Yeah.
I was an OB nurse.
Yeah.
[clicks tongue] I know.
You've gotta be kidding me.
Is that what this is about?
I do need to ask you
some questions
regarding the incident
which resulted in your firing.
You mean that ruined my life?
Sure. let's keep
rehashing that.
Why not? For the millionth
time. I never stole drugs.
But it was Lassen's word
over mine.
Dr. Lassen was the one
who accused you of stealing?
-[♪ dramatic music plays]
-Accused me?
Honey. he set me up
because he was the one stealing
drugs from the hospital.
Gwen McCaffrey is still pissed
and swears it was Eugene
who stole the drugs.
She says she knows
how much he was making.
and he was living
way beyond his means.
That tracks with
what Will found.
Lassen paid cash.
literal cash. for a very
expensive luxury car.
And two months ago.
he opened a new bank account.
He did?
His wife's name's not on it?
Just him. and the initial
deposit was almost double
his reported salary.
He's into something.
-Something that got
his daughter taken.
-[elevator bell dings]
Here it is. Every costume
logged in. logged out.
This is the log.
How many full sets of police
uniforms do you have on hand?
Eight. Are we done?
[Franklin] Your log is amazing.
I respect the hell out of that
log. and the woman who made it.
But a young lady's
been kidnapped by people
wearing your uniforms.
We need to do
a physical count. yes?
-Over here.
-Thank you.
One. two. three. four... six.
[♪ tense music plays]
I'll be back.
Well...
[shopkeeper] This was
on our security footage.
That man does not work for me.
That's one of the kids
from the car.
Yeah. Lizzie's friend.
That's Nick.
[♪ tense music stops]
[Faith] Hey.
The other kids
from the car checked out.
They aren't a part of this.
This stuff
from Nick's apartment?
Yeah. unis said
it was barely furnished.
-He'd. uh. been sleeping
on a yoga mat.
-[paper rustles]
Tired?
More like sleepwalking.
I don't know.
World feels kind of dull.
Like some lights went out.
Yeah. it's the same feeling
I had when my dad died.
When did that feeling go away?
It doesn't.
But then other things come
into your life.
and one day you realize
that it doesn't hurt as bad.
Multiple collection notices.
Two maxed out credit cards. His
power was about to shut off.
Well. maybe we don't need
to overthink motive.
Exactly. Did the techs unlock
this yet?
I've been. uh.
reading. or listening.
to Nick's juvie file.
At 16. he beat a man
unconscious behind a strip mall
off Piedmont.
Aggravated assault charges were
reduced because of his age.
And what set him off?
Well. the victim said they'd
never seen each other before.
Nick was looking
at foreclosed properties.
He bookmarked several of them.
Maybe he's using one of 'em
to hold Lizzie.
-Yeah.
-[♪ suspenseful music plays]
Will.
[sobs] Whatever they asked you
for. please give it to them.
I'm safe for now. but they say
our time is running out.
[Lizzie panting]
I am so sorry. Mrs. Lassen.
You haven't seen this before?
No.
She's so pale.
What does that mean?
"Whatever they asked for"?
You haven't heard of any ransom
demand or anything like that?
-No.
-[♪ suspenseful music ends]
Not unless Eugene received one.
Where's your husband now?
I don't know.
I've been calling him all day.
He's not answering his phone.
Mrs. Lassen.
It's just...
I checked the bedroom safe.
[♪ eerie music plays]
And I did notice...
his gun is gone.
A scared dad with a gun. Talk
about a recipe for disaster.
Not unless he knows how to
shoot. Haven't you seen Taken?
Everyone thinks they're
Liam Neeson. No one is.
Hey. here's a weird one.
This is a list of the meds
stolen from the hospital
where Eugene worked.
It's oxy. hydrocodone.
the usual suspects.
and then a large quantity
of morning-after pills
and antiviral meds.
Like. for STDs?
Yeah. but they have zero street
value. so why steal them?
We pulled something
from the ransom video.
What am I looking at here?
The stub coming from the wall.
That's a capped gas line.
They were used
to feed wall-mounted sconces
before buildings
were wired for electricity.
[Angie] So the building's old?
Pre-1890s.
Not many left in Atlanta.
Uh. here's one
in his bookmarks.
Built 1870. West End.
[♪ adventurous music plays]
[screeches]
[speaking indistinctly]
GBI. don't move.
Hands where I can see 'em.
Lizzie. Faith Mitchell
with the GBI. You're safe now.
Come with me.
[Nick] Let's go!
Faith.
Hey. you all right?
I'm okay. Get him.
-[grunting. panting]
-Stay down!
[♪ adventurous music ends]
We checked your laptop.
You were searching for
information on Eugene Lassen
weeks before you even
met Lizzie.
[Faith] Care to explain that?
Not really.
Well. here's your theory.
Tell me if I'm close.
You knew
Lizzie's dad had money.
so you targeted her.
seduced her.
Seduced her? [scoffs]
And convinced her to help you
stage her kidnapping
so you could rob her dad.
I knew you cops were useless.
but it's really something
to see it live.
Who was the woman
she ran out with?
You know. with your record.
judge ain't gonna be easy
on you.
No. they're gonna see
a pattern.
A kid who seeks out volatile
situations and escalates them.
Someone who targeted
a vulnerable young woman.
Shut up. man!
Shut the hell up. all right?
[♪ suspenseful music plays]
Will. outside.
The tattoo on his neck.
The V. Grace Elverton.
Your sex trafficking case.
She had the exact same one.
She said that her handler gave
it to her.
The medication
that Eugene stole.
birth control. abortion drugs.
He was treating girls.
keeping them healthy enough
to keep working.
I think
that Nick was trafficked.
It would explain his juvie
record. the fights. volatility.
What we've been reading
as a pattern of aggression
was actually
self-defense against--
A rapist.
Lizzie knew
what her dad was up to.
She teamed up with Nick
to put a stop to it.
I'm going back in there.
[door opens]
[door closes]
I wanna help you.
Whatever.
Look. I know you think
you're doing the right thing.
but there's a better way.
Oh. yeah?
Yeah. and what's that. huh?
With you guys? Please. [scoffs]
I know.
Fulton Industrial Boulevard.
On any night of the week.
you drive down that road.
and you're gonna
to see kids lined up.
Twelve. thirteen-year-old kids.
kids with baby teeth.
girls with teddy bears.
And guys just pull up
like it's a drive-through.
Pimps watching.
drivers watching.
motel clerks. landlords.
But it's not their kid. right?
-So who cares?
-I care.
They're not even the worst
of it. you know?
You've seen the files.
Everyone's seen the files.
The billionaires.
the politicians.
they're all. what? Just...
fighting on television
for entertainment.
but behind closed doors. it's
all "you help me. I help you."
The man who writes the law
and the guy who breaks it
sitting at the same table.
And the girl who nobody is
looking for is serving drinks.
What were you trying to get
from Eugene Lassen?
Nick and Lizzie
aren't working alone.
There's a whole group of them.
Most are survivors
of trafficking.
or they've lost someone to it.
They feel like law enforcement
has failed them.
so they decided to take matters
into their own hands.
What are they after?
Eugene's medical notes.
the ones that he kept
on the girls he treated.
They're hoping
that it helps them ID the girls
and track down the pedophiles.
Nick was trafficked by the
same people who were holding
our alien girl. Grace?
It's the same network.
but there are different tiers.
They have
the street-level victims
who work the motels
and truck stops.
and then there are
the high-level girls.
Those are the ones
that Eugene treats secretly.
-Scumbag.
-The handoff is going down
this afternoon.
The old metal yard
on Hollowell. Lizzie
in exchange for the notes.
We will be there. let it
play out. intercept the notes.
and then arrest Eugene.
[hiccups]
-Sorry. [chuckles]
-How spicy is that curry?
My tongue burned completely off
ten minutes ago.
but if it helps this baby come.
I don't need my taste buds.
Wait. what about Lizzie?
She cracked your head open
with a lamp.
My head is fine.
We will take her into
protective custody. No cuffs.
[hiccups] Oh.
-Girl. do you need me
to scare you?
-No. that...
This is... This one was...
That's not a hiccup.
This is happening. I think.
[♪ upbeat music plays]
-Well. it's about time.
-I will drive you myself.
No. I will call my husband.
and he will drive me.
and-and you will go get
the bad doctor.
-Are you sure?
-Yes.
-[Franklin] Are you good?
-You have a go bag?
Yeah. it's at home.
but he's gonna get it.
It's gonna be great.
-[all cheering]
-Yes.
Oh.
[sirens wailing]
You and Faith are seriously
gonna cut this kid loose
after all this?
Well. the group he's in.
they have access we can't get
with badges and warrants.
A bunch of untrained civilians
running their own ops.
That's how people end up dead.
It's Faith's case.
and she trusts the guy.
I'm backing her play.
It's what Amanda
would have done.
[♪ tense music plays]
Give me the notes!
Come on! Quick!
[Faith] Those are the notes.
[Franklin] Shooter.
[Faith] He's taking them out.
Down. down. down. down!
I'll flank. Cover my back.
APD! Put the weapon down now!
We need an ambulance
at this location. Suspect shot.
currently unresponsive.
It's clear!
-Lizzie. Hey. are you okay?
-[panting] I'm fine.
[♪ dramatic music plays]
Lizzie. baby. thank God--
I know what you and your
friends do. You make me sick.
Wait. no. wait.
This was you? I was terrified.
I thought you might be dead.
What about all the
other parents who don't know
where their daughters are?
You don't think they're scared?
-Come on. Let's go.
-I didn't...
You have no idea
the people you're dealing with.
-[knocks on door]
-[Faith] Come in.
-Hey.
-[Faith] Hey.
How'd it go with Eugene?
He lawyered up.
He's not giving us anything.
He's more afraid of the people
he works for than he is of us.
Oh. he should be.
The shooter had
enough ammunition
to take out everyone there.
I will bet you anything
he was sent by the traffickers
to clean up Eugene and Nick.
Lizzie too.
-You get anything
from the records?
-Oh. yeah.
We pulled two addresses.
Sent teams.
Found five girls at one.
four at the other.
Arrested the homeowners.
One was a private equity
manager. and the other was
a Georgia State Senator
who shook my hand at a GBI
dedication ceremony last year.
So a network full of powerful
men. He'll take it apart.
[Michael scoffs]
The GBI is
too politically connected
for an investigation
to be successful.
So find another way.
[♪ upbeat music plays]
Mitchell. what brings you down
to the APD?
I've been at the GBI
for four years now.
and I just wondered
if you guys miss me down here.
What do you need?
[♪ upbeat music ends]
[Seth] Breathe through it.
You'll be fine.
-[Angie] Okay.
-[Seth] Phone charger?
-Check.
-Okay.
Little silver nipple hats?
-Check.
-All right. Portable speaker?
-[♪ "Blue" playing]
-[sighs]
-Check.
-Great.
Oh. I forgot to make
a birth playlist.
-That's okay. I made three.
-You did?
Uh. one for if you have
an epidural. It's mostly Enya.
One for if you're just
raw-dogging it. and that's.
like. all riot grrrl.
-[chuckles] Stop.
-[chuckles]
Then one for after the birth
because it's never too early
to learn about Stevie Wonder.
[groans] I hate this.
Oh. Babe. I'm sorry.
-But I love you.
-I love you too. okay?
-I love that I'm doing this
with you.
-It's okay.
I love you so much. Thank you.
Oh.
-It's perfect.
-Mm-hmm.
[tires screech]
[♪ tense music plays]
[both groaning]
Angie.
The baby.
Hey. sweetheart. We're gonna
get out of here. okay?
-[Angie] Okay.
-Okay.
[Angie] I feel something sharp.
[groans]
[Seth] I know it hurts.
Hang on. I know. Hang on. okay?
[both groaning]
-[♪ dramatic music plays]
-[Angie groans]
[Seth] You okay?
I got it. I got it.
[Seth groans] Okay.
Okay.
[Angie groans]
Okay. Come on.
[operator]
911. what's your emergency?
Uh. there's been a-a car...
a car crash.
Uh. my wife and I. 17th Street
and District Avenue.
-[groans] Fire.
-[Seth] What?
-We need fire for extraction.
-We need fire for extraction
and an EMS.
Uh. my wife is pregnant.
She's in labor.
-[groans]
-Um...
Uh. I-I'm an ER doctor.
Will you tell St. Peter's
to prep an OR?
And please get here fast.
I can't get...
[operator]
The ambulance is en route.
[Seth] I know. Okay.
Okay. Hold on.
Hey. hey. Okay. I'm gonna
check. all right? Hold on.
I know.
-[Angie groans]
-Come on. girl.
Give me something.
[Angie groans]
-A kick.
Okay. okay. that's good.
-Yeah.
-Okay.
-That's good.
All right. now.
what do you think of Edith
for a name. huh?
Edie.
[groans]
-[Seth] Yeah?
-Yeah.
-[Seth] You like it?
-I like it.
-Oh. Good. yeah.
We got consensus. Great.
-Yeah. Yeah. I like it.
Okay. she can't stay like this.
-[Seth] I know. it's okay.
-I'm scared.
-It's gonna be okay.
She's gonna be okay.
-[Angie] I'm scared. Oh. God.
Hey. man. You okay?
Hey. man. No. I'm not. Um. Get
me out of here. Pull me out.
-[person] Yeah. yeah. yeah.
-My leg is stuck here. Get...
[person] Easy. Easy.
Here we go. Easy.
[Angie] Seth.
[person] Easy. Easy. She's
your wife. sir? She's pregnant?
-She's in labor.
-[person] Oh. my God.
Okay. Pull.
[grunts]
[Seth] Here we go.
-[Angie groans]
-Yes.
[Angie groans]
[Seth grunts]
-Okay. Okay. Is that better?
-[groans] Yeah.
Yeah? Okay. great. I got you.
-Baby.
-Yeah. honey.
-The driver. The other driver.
-What?
-Okay. What's your name?
-[person] Dean.
[Seth] Dean.
Angie. this is Dean.
He's gonna stay with you. okay?
Do not move.
Dean. don't let her move.
Ang. hey. look at me. I'll be
back in 30 seconds. okay?
-All right.
-[Angie] Okay.
[Angie groaning]
[siren wailing]
Hey. 40 weeks pregnant.
there is fetal movement.
abdominal trauma.
suspected broken ribs.
Possible placental abruption.
Oh. Heavy hemorrhaging.
Let's get her to the OR.
Seth.
Babe. you're at the hospital.
We're taking you up to have
our baby right now.
She's okay?
Absolutely.
OB's waiting. OR's prepped.
Doctor. let's get you
checked out too.
It'll just take a minute.
Let's go. We gotta move now.
I love you. Angie.
I'm right behind you.
[groans]
-Stay right here.
-Yeah. yeah. yeah.
[groans]
[doctor] Doc? Get me a gurney!
Excuse me. ma'am.
Angie Polaski. is she okay?
Sir. we're doing everything
we can. Please stay
in the waiting room.
[Edie coos]
[♪ dramatic music plays]
Okay.
Easy. Nice and slow.
That's it. Okay.
There we go.
You gonna get
through this. Ang.
I'm right here.
[Edie whines]
[Betty yelps]
[Edie crying]
[footsteps running]
[Edie coos]
All right. Be of service.
Hello.
Um...
It's me. Will.
Will Trent. Um. Wilbur.
Uncle Will is fine. Um...
I'm so sorry about your dad.
He was a good guy.
He was a friend.
Your mom loves you very much.
She. uh...
just needs a minute.
This isn't the easiest start
for you. Hmm.
I know a little about that.
But you have me.
Awkward man in a suit.
at your service.
[Edie coos]
Here's the contract.
I will be here...
slightly terrified.
I'm probably gonna
mess up some. but. uh...
I will make sure
that you are okay.
I'll make sure
that you feel safe and loved.
I'll be like your Betty.
just less demanding.
[Betty yelps]
Deal?
[Edie coos]
[Will chuckles]
You got a good grip.
-Eduardo.
call GBI administration.
-[phone beeps]
[Eduardo]
Calling administration.
That's Eduardo.
He helps me. Okay?
Um. uh...
This is
Special Agent Will Trent.
I need to take
a leave of absence.
[Edie coos]
Not sure how long.
All right. You and me.
Let's figure this out.
[♪ "Big Picture" playing]
[Edie coos]
What do you say?
♪ Love ♪
♪ What did you do to me ♪
Hi. Edie.
♪ My only hope ♪
What do you see
over there. huh?
What do you see?
♪ Is to let life stretch out
Before me ♪
♪ And break me ♪
[Edie cries]
She knows we don't know
what we're doing.
Hey.
You're not wrong.
but we'll get there.
Oh. yeah.
You want some food. Edie?
You want some food?
There you go.
♪ Only now do I see
The big picture ♪
♪ But I swear
That these scars are fine ♪
♪ Only you could've hurt me
In this perfect way tonight ♪
♪ I might be blind ♪
♪ But you've told me
The difference ♪
♪ Between mistakes ♪
♪ And what you just meant
For me ♪
♪ Don't say you ever loved me ♪
♪ Don't say you ever cared ♪
♪ My darkest friend was ♪
♪ Have you forgotten ♪
♪ All the lies you left there
So fresh ♪
♪ Turning old in the air ♪
♪ And now ♪
♪ You have no weapons ♪
Hi.
♪ You can try to get close
To those I love ♪
♪ Do you really think they ♪
♪ Don't know
What you're made of ♪
Hi. Edie. Hi. Edie.
Oh. I'm so sorry.
I'm your mama.
♪ Only you could've hurt me
In this perfect way tonight ♪
♪ I might be blind ♪
♪ But you've told me
The difference ♪
♪ Between mistakes ♪
♪ And what you just meant
For me ♪
♪ Someone say
You ever loved me ♪
♪ Don't say you ever cared ♪
Okay. so if you feed her peas
for lunch.
she's just gonna drop half
of them. just know that.
[Angie] More than half.
Right. Um.
most of them are actually
gonna go over the side
of the high chair for Betty.
It's really cute.
Oh. I left the pediatrician's
phone number on the fridge.
I have Dr. Bonner's number
saved as a favorite
in my phone.
I got baby CPR certified
four months ago.
and I memorized "Wheels on the
Bus" in English and Cantonese.
I got this.
Enjoy your first day back.
-[Edie coos]
-[Nico] Where are you going?
Teething ring's in the freezer.
You call us if anything.
She gets a nap in 20.
Okay.
-Hey. um-- Oh.
-Oh. Hi.
-I'm sorry. I didn't--
-No. it's fine.
-No. I-I shouldn't have walked
right in.
-No. hey. stay.
I don't know what to wear.
Nothing feels right.
You're going to be okay.
Promise?
Yeah.
Purple one.
Okay.
Hey. partner.
-What the hell
are you doing here?
-It's CARAP.
-Crap?
-I'd say so.
But it's pronounced CARAP.
Haven't you read the brochure?
Oh. yeah. that's right.
Stands for Cross Agency...
Regional Ambassador Program.
It's like an exchange program
to "foster" communication
between the GBI and the APD.
Something Heller cooked up
with whoever the hell this
new deputy director is.
I see.
Well. my initial question
still remains. What the hell
are you doing here?
You and I
are going to be partners
for the next few months.
-What?
-Mmm.
Maybe something good can
come out of this. Two things.
You guys have better coffee
and I might be able to teach
you a few things. Trent.
Actually...
if you wouldn't mind. could you
take a look at this case?
[chuckles]
I am so glad that you are back.
Me too.
I almost turned around twice
in the garage. I just...
I feel like I'm not wearing
any skin. Just-Just so exposed.
And I miss Edie.
I get that.
Did you bring the blanket?
Yes. I'm smelling it
every chance I get.
Agent Mitchell.
this came for you.
Thank you. Atkins.
-Come with me.
-Okay.
Taking me
to the storage closet?
We are here because
I've been working on something.
and I could use your help.
if you're up to it.
What kind of help?
The kind you're good at.
[♪ suspenseful music plays]
Whoa.
Your trafficking case.
But huge.
Is that Judge Stanley?
Yeah. that's him.
We don't have enough evidence
on him yet. but we think
he attends these parties.
and if we could just
connect him to... [gasps]
[Will] Oh. man. That's real.
[Faith] Yeah.
"Back off."
You know what this means?
It means you're doing exactly
what you're supposed
to be doing.
Bad people don't get to win.
[♪ suspenseful music ends]
-== [ www.OpenSubtitles.com ] ==-